# Meetup: June 25, 2015

On June 25, 2015 we would like to invite you to our next community meetup of the Munich Node.JS User Group. 
Please sign up on [Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Munich-Node-js-User-Group/events/222709083/) to give us a hint how many nodehackers are coming!

### What?

On June 25, 2015 we have the following schedule:


*   **19:00: Beer & Pizza**  
    sponsored by [TNG Technology Consulting](http://www.tngtech.com)
    
*   **20:00: Pipes, streams and distributed systems**  
    by [Mathias Buus Madsen](/speakers#mathiasb)
    
    How many different ways can you connect two computer programs with each
    other? Using a tcp socket? Or maybe even an websocket? This talk is gonna
    be about investigating all the different ways we can connect computers
    with each other, including some of the more mad science ones, and how we create
    distributed systems that supports ALL of them. Expect plenty of demos.
  
*   **21:15: Event processing with Node.js and RabbitMQ**  
    my [Zlatko Đurić](/speakers#zlatkod)
   
    A connected car project gets very close to describe the "IoT" buzzword.
    The problems we solve in this area are different from a typical "web scale"
    problem in at least one way - a lot more writes then reads. Devices almost
    never read, but they write automatically, tirelessly and constantly -
    unlike humans, who - most of the times - just want stuff filtered and
    sorted. One of the strategies to deal with this situation is event-based
    approach - and that's what Node.js does very well. But, we
    programers make our usual blunders and bugs, and we want to hold on to
    those events until they are really processed. We need somebody to hold
    on to and distribute all the messages from the car. This is where
    RabbitMQ comes into play. This talk will introduce some of the patterns
    used for event processing with Node.js, MongoDB, Redis and RabbitMQ,
    some of the problems, and a few ways to deal with those problems.
   
*   **22:30: Close down of MNUG meetup**  
    by all node hackers
   
### When?
 
Talks starting at 8:00pm. Admission with beer & pizza from 7pm.
