# Meetup: October 22, 2015

On October 22, 2015 we would like to invite you to our next community meetup of the Munich Node.JS User Group. 
Please sign up on [Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Munich-Node-js-User-Group/events/226142201/) to give us a hint how many nodehackers are coming!

### What?

On October 22, 2015 we have the following schedule:


*   **19:00: Beer & Pizza**  
    sponsored by [TNG Technology Consulting](http://www.tngtech.com)
    
*   **20:00: One ring to rule them all**  
    by [Golo Roden](/speakers.html#golor)
  
    Making computers talk to each other over the network is simple: You have
    a server, and you have clients. But what if you want to make them talk to
    each other *without* having a server, more like ... coequal peers? What you
    need is a decentralized network that works autonomously, that can handle
    appearance and disappearance of arbitrary peers at any point in time, and
    that does not require a degree in rocket-science. Golo Roden will tell (and
    show!) you how to do that with pure JavaScript - and what you have to watch
    out for.
  
*   **21:15: A Trip to the Zoo: SpiderMonkey, SquirrelFish, Nashorn, and V8**  
    by [Franziska Hinkelmann](/speakers.html#franziskah)
  
    Do you know how JavaScript engines work and why they are so blazingly fast?
    
    Learn about the fundamentals like abstract syntax tree, opcodes, and
    just-in-time compilation. JavaScript code can be almost as fast as native
    C++ code. How do engines accomplish this? Lets look into optimization
    techniques including hidden classes, inline caching, and ahead-of-time
    compilation, which, if applied correctly, will give your code a turbo
    boost.
    
    Understand the inner workings of JavaScript engines and learn by examples
    how to write faster code.
  
*   **22:45: Close down of MNUG meetup**  
    by all node hackers
  
### When?
 
Talks starting at 8:00pm. Admission with beer & pizza from 7pm.
