# Meetup: January 12, 2017

On January 12, 2017 we would like to invite you to our next community meetup of the Munich Node.JS User Group. 
Please sign up on [Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/Munich-Node-js-User-Group/events/230270288/) to give us a hint how many nodehackers are coming!

**Attention! We meet at a new location. Office of [Microsoft Munich](www.microsoft.de/munich)**

### What?

On January 12, 2017 we have the following schedule:


*   **18:15: Door open**  
  
*   **18:30: Start with Beer & Food**  
    sponsored by [Microsoft](www.microsoft.de/munich)

*   **19:15: Three things you can do with Node.js on Azure**
    by [Dariusz Parys](/speakers.html#dariuszp)
  
    Azure has a bunch of different services a Node developer can use. In this talk I'll pick three and hack'em to give you an idea what they are about and how to use them.
  
*   **19:45: Gulp as an orchestration tool**
    by [Markus Spanier](/speakers.html#markuss)

    tbd
  
*   **20:15: High-speed ES2015**
    by [Benedikt Meurer](/speakers.html#benediktm)

    ECMAScript 2015 is fully supported by all major JavaScript implementations
    nowadays, and most of them already support various upcoming features like
    async/await. Especially Node.js developers can already use most of the
    ES2015 features without a transpiler like Babel. In this talk we’ll look at
    the performance of modern language features in V8, how the V8 team is
    currently improving the performance of ES2015 and later features, and how
    this will affect Node.js developers in 2017.  

*   **21:45: Close down of MNUG meetup**  
    by all node hackers

### When?
 
Talks starting at 8:00pm. Admission with beer & pizza from 7pm.
