# Meetup: June 3, 2017

On 3rd of June we would like to invite you to our next community meetup of the Munich Node.JS User Group. 
Please sign up on [Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Munich-Node-js-User-Group/events/240215213/) to give us a hint how many nodehackers are coming!

### What?

On 3rd of June we have the following schedule:


*   **10:00: Doors open**
    
*   **10:30: Rediscovering JavaScript**  
    by [Dr. Venkat Subramaniam](/speakers.html#venkats)
  
    JavaScript is one of those very powerful languages that is often
    misunderstood and underutilized. It is quite popular, yet there is so much more
    we can do with it. In this presentation we will deep dive into the capabilities
    and strengths of this prominent language of the web. Along the way, we will
    discuss things we should avoid and look at some practices that we should favor

*   **12:00: Lunch**
    sponsored by [TNG](https://www.tngtech.com/en.html)

*   **13:00: Keeping your JavaScript Promises**
    by [Dr. Venkat Subramaniam](/speakers.html#venkats)

    Callbacks have ruled the JavaScripts world. While they provide a way to
    handle asynchronous responses they’re far from being elegant and they do not
    compose well. Promises solve the issues with a greater elegance, fluency, and
    civility. Promises can be chained nicely as well. In this presentation, we will
    dive into Promises, learn how to use them, how to create our own functions that
    return Promises, and finally how to automate the test of functions that rely on
    Promises
  
*   **14:30: Close down of MNUG meetup**  
    by all node hackers
  
### When?
 
Talks starting at 10:30am.
 
### Where?

**TNG Technology Consulting GmbH**   
Betastraße 13a  
85774 Unterföhring  

**We wish you a nice journey:**  
by S-Bahn: Unterföhring (S8)  
by Bus: Linie 233, Haltestelle Betastraße  
by Car: There are parking areas on the left side

<div id="map" class="map" data-locationtext="TNG<br/>Betastraße 13a<br/>85774 Unterföhring" data-locationlatlng="48.1861991,11.6547822" style="width: 500px; height:500px; position: relative; background-color: rgb(229, 227, 223);">
</div>
