# Meetup: May 7, 2018

On 7th of May we would like to invite you to our next community meetup of the Munich Node.JS User Group. 
Please sign up on [Meetup](tbd) to give us a hint how many nodehackers are coming!

### What?

On 7th of May we have the following schedule:


*   **18:00: Doors open**
    
*   **18:30: Beer and Pizze**  
    sponsored by [TNG](https://www.tngtech.com/en.html)

*   **19:00: Stronger together, part 1: Domain-driven design (DDD)**  
    by [Golo Roden](/speakers.html#golor)

    For the development of complex software an interdisciplinary team is required. Unfortunately, we have never learned to communicate across disciplines. This makes it difficult for domain experts, developers and designers to understand each other – which is ultimately reflected in the software that solves the wrong problem, arrives on the market too late and whose quality is not right. Domain-driven design (DDD) focuses on the development of a common language and promises to improve interdisciplinary communication. But how does DDD work? Golo Roden introduces you to the concept, and shows how it relates to more technical design patterns such as event-sourcing and CQRS.

*   **20:30: Stronger together, part 2: wolkenkit**  
    by [Golo Roden](/speakers.html#golor)

    So you have modeled your domain using DDD, and you have decided to use
    event-sourcing and CQRS as the base architecture of your application. Now what?
    How do you transfer your model and those architectural decisions into code?
    Although numerous software projects fail due of the lack of interdisciplinary
    communication, some also fail because of the chosen principles and
    technologies. As a solution, Golo Roden introduces you to
    [wolkenkit](https://www.wolkenkit.io/), an open-source CQRS and event-sourcing
    framework for JavaScript and Node.js that perfectly matches DDD, and that
    allows you to
    focus on what's essential: Solving actual real-world problems in no time.

### Where?

**TNG Technology Consulting** 
Arabellastrasse 4a
81925 München

**We wish you a nice journey:**  
by U-Bahn: Arabellaplatz (U4)
by Bus: 
by Tram: 

