# Meetup: October 25, 2018

On 25th of October we would like to invite you to our next community meetup of the Munich Node.JS User Group. 

### What?

On 13th of June we have the following schedule:


*   **18:30: Doors open**  

    [Please note we have a new location in the Arabellastrasse 4a, next to the BayWa-Tower](https://www.tngtech.com/kontakt-und-impressum.html)
    
*   **18:45: Beer and Pizza**  
    sponsored by [TNG](https://www.tngtech.com/en.html)

*   **19:35: Quick overview: Node 10 vs Node 11**  
    by [Andreas Greimel](/speakers.html#andreasg)

*   **19:40: Introduction to Loopback**  
    by [Andreas Greimel](/speakers.html#andreasg)

    LoopBack is an open source framework to quickly create REST-APIs in Node.js. The framework promises:
    * the creation of dynamic REST-APIs with minimal programming effor
    * easy connection to common databases
    * a server-side data model, built-in rights management
    * SDKs for different client frameworks (Android, iOS, Angular, React, …)

    In this talk we will create a REST-API from scratch, including data model
    and rights management, and walk through the individual features of LoopBack.

*   **20:50: Quantum Nonlocality for Node.JS Hackers**  
    by [David Dasenbrook](/speakers.html#davidd)

    Are you a JavaScript developer who has always wondered how the strange
    world of quantum mechanics works? This is your lucky day! By means of a
    game implemented using network sockets in Node.JS and TypeScript, this
    talk will demonstrate the essence of quantum nonlocality, entanglement
    and "spooky actions at a distance". No prior physics knowledge is required.
